-Basic Premise-
What is the essential game that I want to make, summed up? 

Run a trading post on the edge of the mysterious wilderness. 

The mysterious wilderness is a wellspring of ancient ruins, strange creatures, and magical artefacts.
Adventurers seeking to make a name for themselves flock from far and wide to try their hand at 
recovering some of the wealth for themselves. And where there are adventurers, there are men 
looking to make money. You are one such intrepid salesman, who has set up a trading post in the
small village in order to supply these adventurers.

-Fun Aspects-
When I imagine playing this kind of game, what do I imagine the fun parts of the game to be? 
What are the things that will keep the players hooked, that will have them coming back for more,
that will have them telling stories about it, or recommending it to their friends? 

Growth: The player will build their wealth, power, skills, and reputation throughout the game. 
Management: The player must make decisions around pricing and management of the store, using their
limited resources as optimally as possible. 
Consequence: The actions of the player will have a real impact on the other features of
the game. Items they have sold that were dropped in the wilderness may be 
brought back by future adventurers. And the nearby town will grow, too, based on the economic 
effect of the trading post, and the rumours which are spread out to the world.
Discovery: Mysterious artefacts will be found. Strange characters will enter the store. 
Story: A mysterious (and cohesive) tale or set of tales unfold. The player must discover the
truth indirectly via the rumours brought forth to them, and via the 
Personification: Each character has their own goals and personality. Those with whom the player has
regular interaction may eventually become a friend or useful ally.  

-Features-

Secondary businesses: Perhaps it would be useful to have a trading post further into the wilderness to aid
in the 


-Core Gameplay-





-Questions-
Should it be large quantities, or individual customers with their own personalities and stories? 
Should there be a large number of 